c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\MvvmLight2.exe.config
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\MvvmLight2.exe
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\MvvmLight2.pdb
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\MvvmLight2.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\MvvmLight2.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\MvvmLight2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\MvvmLight2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\MvvmLight2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\MvvmLight2.g.resources
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\MvvmLight2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\MvvmLight2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\MvvmLight2.exe
c:\users\fabster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\MvvmLight2.pdb
C:\Users\Fabster\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
C:\Users\Fabster\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
C:\Users\Fabster\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.baml
C:\Users\Fabster\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\Blinking.g.cs
C:\Users\Fabster\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvvmLight2\MvvmLight2\obj\Debug\Blinking.baml
